README.md, before:

# Vicky II WarGame

Or the full name Victoria II save game war analyzer. Naming stuff is hard.

## Download links
* Version 1.0.1 that works with Java 7 [link](https://www.dropbox.com/s/5wgjxis3ncz9dx4/Vicky%20II%20save%20game%20war%20analyzer.jar?dl=0)
* New version 1.2.0 that works with Java 8 [link](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/107744145/vickywargame-1.2.0-jfx.jar)

## What is it
VickyWarGame reads the save game produced by Victoria II (it's a strategy game, look it up) and presents all the wars in a family-friendly way. The program retrieves all the data that can be retrieved from the save file, such as total losses in a war, all the battles, wargoals and the war participants.

Most of the counties have a flag with them. Originally I planned to find all of them from the Victori II directory, but it converting .svg to a format usable by JavaFX turned out to be too difficult.

This analyzer is NOT a fully-fledged save game analyzer. It does one thing and does it reasonably well.

## Tools
* Java 8
* JavaFX
* Maven 
* Maven JavaFX plugin https://github.com/zonski/javafx-maven-plugin

### Build process
If you really want to build your own version of this then go right ahead. I'm going to assume you know what Maven is and how to install it. You need to have Java 8.

1. Download this repository
2. Run `mvn install` in the base directory. Everything should install without problems.
3. Run `mvn jfx:jar` to compile it into a jar. The result an be found in `target/jfx/app`.
4. Use `mvn eclipse:eclipse` to generate the project files for Eclipse. You might also need the m2e Eclipse plugin.

## Bugs and limitations
The analyzer will produce many errors when it can't find the flag or the name for a country. Just ignore it.

The UI design was made by me and with Java 7 it looked fine. With Java 8 it doesn't. Thanks, Oracle. Due to this, some words will be hidden and some tables will have empty columns.

The internal architecture is horrible and should be rebuilt from the ground up. Also, most comments are now outdated.

## About
This project was my first big Java project. I started working on it in April 2013 and released it in the Paradox forums. Then I forgot (or avoided) this project because I the code was so horrible. But around 1500 people downloaded it from the Paradox forums, so that was nice. 

The save game is read in by a hand-made parser. Suprisingly, it works. 

In April 2015 I finally got around to making it work with Java 8. I replaced the mostly static variables with object-oriented programming. I also replaced the Ant build with Maven.

Commit message:

Project renamed to vickywaranalyzer
Again, naming stuff is hard.

Added versions 1.0.1 and 1.2.0 to dist folder.

README.md, after:

# Victoria II war analyzer

Or the full name Victoria II save game war analyzer. Naming stuff is hard.

## Download links
* Version 1.0.1 that works with Java 7 [link](https://www.dropbox.com/s/5wgjxis3ncz9dx4/Vicky%20II%20save%20game%20war%20analyzer.jar?dl=0)
* New version 1.2.0 that works with Java 8 [link](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/107744145/vickywargame-1.2.0-jfx.jar)
* Or you can look inside the dist folder for all the versions

## What is it
The analyzer reads the save game produced by Victoria II (it's a strategy game, look it up) and presents all the wars in a family-friendly way. The program retrieves all the data that can be retrieved from the save file, such as total losses in a war, all the battles, wargoals and the war participants.

Most of the counties have a flag with them. Originally I planned to find all of them from the Victori II directory, but it converting .svg to a format usable by JavaFX turned out to be too difficult.

This analyzer is NOT a fully-fledged save game analyzer. It does one thing and does it reasonably well.

## Tools
* Java 8
* JavaFX
* Maven 
* Maven JavaFX plugin https://github.com/zonski/javafx-maven-plugin

### Build process
If you really want to build your own version of this then go right ahead. I'm going to assume you know what Maven is and how to install it. You need to have Java 8.

1. Download this repository
2. Run `mvn install` in the base directory. Everything should install without problems.
3. Run `mvn jfx:jar` to compile it into a jar. The result an be found in `target/jfx/app`.
4. Use `mvn eclipse:eclipse` to generate the project files for Eclipse. You might also need the m2e Eclipse plugin.

## Bugs and limitations
The analyzer will produce many errors when it can't find the flag or the name for a country. Just ignore it.

When the player country has fought no wars then it's name will be a TAG even if localisation is used.

The UI design was made by me and with Java 7 it looked fine. With Java 8 it doesn't. Thanks, Oracle. Due to this, some words will be hidden and some tables will have empty columns.

The internal architecture is horrible and should be rebuilt from the ground up. Also, most comments are now outdated.

## About
This project was my first big Java project. I started working on it in April 2013 and released it in the Paradox forums. Then I forgot (or avoided) this project because I the code was so horrible. But around 1500 people downloaded it from the Paradox forums, so that was nice. 

The save game is read in by a hand-made parser. Suprisingly, it works. 

In April 2015 I finally got around to making it work with Java 8. I replaced the mostly static variables with object-oriented programming. I also replaced the Ant build with Maven.
